let's learn how to properly perform a
squat
start with your feet slightly wider than
shoulder width apart
cross your arms in front
so touch your right hand to your left
shoulder and vice versa pointing your
elbows straight ahead now from here
shift your weight to the ball of your
feet
and bend your knees
get as close to 90 degrees as you can
looking straight ahead and from here
push back up to the starting position
this is going to be great for
strengthening
your thighs or your quadriceps as well
as your butt or your glutes
and it's also going to be great to work
on your posture
that's how to properly perform a squat